---
layout: post
author: archie
categories: news
image: https://nub.news/api/image/686667/article.png
---
Weekend Weather Forecast for Stockport

This weekend in Stockport, expect a predominantly cloudy atmosphere interspersed
with rain showers each day. Temperatures will range from a mild 13°C at night to
a comfortable 20°C during the day. While there will be plenty of clouds, winds
will remain brisk throughout the weekend, adding a chill to the air. It's
advisable to carry an umbrella, as rain is highly likely each day.

Friday: The day will begin with rain in the early morning, transitioning to
partly cloudy skies. Temperatures will peak at 19°C, dropping to a minimum of
13°C. Humidity will be around 77%, and there is a 100% chance of precipitation.
Winds will blow at 15mph, offering a gentle yet present breeze.

Saturday: The skies will remain partly cloudy, with rain expected in the
afternoon. The maximum temperature will be 18°C and the minimum will hold steady
at 13°C. Humidity will be notably high at 82%, and there's a 90% chance of rain.
The wind will pick up, reaching speeds of 24mph, which may intensify the feeling
of chilliness.

Sunday: Another partly cloudy day with intermittent rain. Temperatures are
forecast to reach a high of 20°C, and a low of 13°C. Humidity will decrease
slightly to 69%, with a 90% chance of rain. Winds will be quite strong at 25mph,
so ensuring you have a windproof jacket would be wise.

Commuting Advice: Those commuting through Stockport should be prepared for wet
conditions. Ensure that you leave with extra time for your journey, as rain may
cause delays. With winds set to increase, secure any loose items you may have
and drive cautiously, particularly on open roads where gusts could affect
vehicle control.

Advice for Weekend Plans: If you are planning outdoor activities this weekend,
be ready for rain on each day. Consider planning indoor activities as a backup,
or opt for venues that offer shelter, such as museums or cosy cafés. Layer your
clothing to adjust to changing temperatures and conditions. An umbrella and
windproof jacket will be your best companions to navigate Stockport's rainy yet
mild weekend.

![Article Image](https://nub.news/api/image/686667/article.png)

[Read the full article at Stockport Nub News](https://stockport.nub.news/news/weather-news/weekend-weather-forecast-for-stockport-29-aug-to-31-aug-270256)

---
