---
layout: post
author: archie
categories: news
image: https://nub.news/api/image/686698/article.jpeg
---
The Magnet Pub in Heaton Norris has been voted 'best mild pub' by local ale
enthusiasts.

The vote was taken by participants in the annual Mild Magic Ale Trail, which
invited people to try mild ales in a host of different pubs across Stockport and
South Manchester.

In this year's trail, The Magnet stood out for its menu of constantly changing
milds, with nine on offer throughout the period of the trail.

This year's Mild Magic Trail - organised by the Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA) -
proved as popular as ever, with an estimated 5,500 pub visits.

260 people took part in one of the trail's four challenges, a 25 percent
increase on last year.

Four dedicated trail-goers even managed to visit every one of the 101
participating pubs.



[https://nub.news/api/image/686697/category.jpeg]
Participants in the Mild Magic trail were encouraged to try lots of different
mild ales at pubs across Stockport borough (Image - CAMRA)



Participants were also invited to vote for the best mild encountered on the
trail, and the winner was Blackjack Dark Ruby, which was available at several
pubs and free houses.

Outgoing Mild Magic organiser, Darren Berry, said "I would like to thank all the
pubs and breweries involved for helping us to promote this rare traditional ale
style.

"Thanks too, to all the ale trailers who supported them, and visited the many
pubs across the area.  

"The fact that we had record participation, as well as the highest number of
milds ever noted on our trail, goes to show that there is still a demand for
this type of beer.

"With Penzance Mild recently becoming Champion Beer of Britain, mild's profile
can only increase. 

"Mild Magic will continue to keep the flag flying for this special type of brew,
so look out for details of the Stockport pubs involved on the next mild trail in
Spring 2026!" 

~

Free from clickbait, Stockport Nub News is a quality online newspaper for our
town.

To get our top stories in your inbox each week, subscribe to our free weekly
newsletter HERE [https://stockport.nub.news/newsletter-subscribe].

Please consider following Stockport Nub News on Facebook
[https://www.facebook.com/stockportnubnews] or X [https://twitter.com/SNubNews]

![Article Image](https://nub.news/api/image/686698/article.jpeg)

[Read the full article at Stockport Nub News](https://stockport.nub.news/news/local-news/the-magnet-voted-best-mild-pub-by-stockport-ale-enthusiasts-270270)

---
