---
layout: post
author: archie
categories: news
image: https://nub.news/api/image/686843/article.jpeg
---
The first step in a 'major redevelopment' of Stockport train station has been
revealed.

Big changes are planned at the busy railway hub, which is based in the town
centre and serves trains on the West Coast Main Line connecting Manchester and
London.

The upgrades are aimed at making it easier to access and use the station
building, with the initial phases backed by more than £4m of government funding.

In May, Stockport MP Navendu Mishra raised the condition of the station in
Parliament, urging new investment to make it 'a place residents can be proud
of.'

Local councillors in Edgeley have also raised concerns about the state of the
train station.

A report by Stockport council has outlined the proposed changes at the station
and is set to be discussed at a town-hall meeting on Monday, September 1.

It aims to bring 'improved pedestrian connections' on the Edgeley side of the
station, alongside an application for a new connection from Thompson Street
which would create a ramp shortcut to near the station.

There are also plans for 'an improved platform and service offer' for commuters.



[https://nub.news/api/image/686837/category.jpeg]
(Image - Nub News)



The redevelopment of Stockport station is a joint project by the council in
partnership with Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM), Network Rail and
Avanti.

Mark Roberts, leader of Stockport council, said: "Stockport is on Europe's
busiest rail line and our station should reflect that.

"Redeveloping it isn't just about a new building – it's about jobs, investment,
and making Stockport one of the best-connected towns in the country.

"Our award-winning Interchange is Metrolink ready, and we're excited about what
the tram will bring to the whole borough.

"The redevelopment of our station is a once-in-a-generation chance to unlock
real opportunities for our residents, and we're determined to deliver it to
turbo-charge the regeneration currently ongoing in our town centre."

An Avanti West Coast spokesperson said: "Stockport is a key hub on our route and
we're continuing to work with Network Rail, Transport for Greater Manchester and
Stockport council to progress plans to redevelop the to deliver the best
experience for our customers."

Elsewhere in Stockport town centre, big changes are taking place as part of a
£1bn regeneration scheme.

This has seen the opening of a new transport interchange, plans to build
thousands of new homes, and new spaces for shops and businesses.

~

Free from clickbait, Stockport Nub News is a quality online newspaper for our
town.

To get our top stories in your inbox each week, subscribe to our free weekly
newsletter HERE [https://stockport.nub.news/newsletter-subscribe].

Please consider following Stockport Nub News on Facebook
[https://www.facebook.com/stockportnubnews] or X [https://twitter.com/SNubNews]

![Article Image](https://nub.news/api/image/686843/article.jpeg)

[Read the full article at Stockport Nub News](https://stockport.nub.news/news/local-news/the-major-redevelopment-planned-for-stockport-station-270319)

---
