---
layout: post
author: archie
categories: news
image: https://nub.news/api/image/686560/article.jpeg
---
A former mill building in Heaton Norris is up for sale, along with planning
permission to build 34 new homes on the site.

The Ropeworks, a 10,000 sq ft mill based on Stanbank Street, is now up for sale
as a residential development opportunity. The plans include four houses and 30
apartments.

Plans were initially approved to convert the building in 2016. A developer
bought the site in 2020, with plans to spend £6.5m on the conversion,
transforming the mill into a series of luxury apartments.

However, the plans didn't come to fruition, and the Ropeworks was left empty.

The building even started to become damaged at the start of 2025, with local
residents complaining of bricks and debris being blown off and risking damage to
nearby parked cars.

However, with this sale, the Ropeworks could be about to start a new chapter.

Further planning permission was granted by Stockport Council in Summer 2024, and
the mill was listed for sale by Landwood Group in July this year.



[https://nub.news/api/image/686557/category.jpeg]
The site is based on Stanbank Street, just off Manchester Road (Image - Nub
News)



The apartments would be based in the former mill building, which has already
been stripped internally ready for development.

The four houses would be based close by on the 0.88 acre site.

The conversion plans aim to preserve as much of the original facade as possible,
while breathing new life into the building.

Indeed, the planning statement promises to "safeguard the future of a building
of local interest".  

Stanbank Road is said to be 'ideal' for a residential scheme such as this,
closely situated as it is to Manchester Road and connections to Heaton Chapel,
Reddish, Stockport, and Manchester City Centre.

Similarly, in the planning application itself (first submitted in 2016) the
applicant argued that the project "will result in the conversion and re-use of a
currently underused site for a high quality residential scheme".

A price for the site has not been listed - rather, offers are being invited from
potential buyers first.

~

Free from clickbait, Stockport Nub News is a quality online newspaper for our
town.

To get our top stories in your inbox each week, subscribe to our free weekly
newsletter HERE [https://stockport.nub.news/newsletter-subscribe].

Please consider following Stockport Nub News on Facebook
[https://www.facebook.com/stockportnubnews] or X [https://twitter.com/SNubNews]

![Article Image](https://nub.news/api/image/686560/article.jpeg)

[Read the full article at Stockport Nub News](https://stockport.nub.news/news/local-news/former-mill-in-heaton-norris-up-for-sale-with-plans-for-new-apartments-270205)

---
