---
layout: post
author: archie
categories: news
image: https://nub.news/api/image/686802/article.jpeg
---
Stockport Nub News has you covered with six job opportunities currently
available in and around Stockport as of 30 August 2025.

You can view more opportunities on our dedicated jobs page here
[https://stockport.nub.news/jobs].  

And if your business is hiring, why not place an advertisement on our jobs page?
[https://stockport.nub.news/nub-it/jobpostings-create]


RETAIL SALES ASSISTANT - THE WORKS



[https://nub.news/api/image/686794/category.png]
(Image - Google Maps)



The Works is looking for a retail sales assistant to work at their Broadstone
Mill branch.

This is a permanent part-time role, with 12 hours per week. The salary is
unspecified.

According to the job description: "You’ll be the heartbeat of our retail store
by greeting customers with a warm smile and helping them leave happy and excited
to unlock their imaginations.

"Your passion and enthusiasm for our brand and products will be contagious
and motivating. Our customers will want to return, time and time again for more
inspiration and products that satisfy their creative needs.

"Some of our colleagues are even BookTok influencers or Instagram creatives,
crafting their latest shorts or stories with our in-store products - That's
super cool with us!"

Apply and / or find more information here.
[https://www.theworks.jobs/jobs/6364585-retail-sales-assistant-keyholder?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic]


CUSTOMER TEAM LEADER - CO-OP



[https://nub.news/api/image/686797/category.png]
(Image - Google Maps)



The Co-op is looking for a customer team leader to work at their Mansion House /
Wellington Road South store just outside Stockport town centre.

This is a permanent full-time role, with 39 hours per week and a salary of
£13.99 per hour.

According to the job description: "As a customer team leader, you'll be part of
a friendly team that's dedicated to helping our customers.

"We'll look to you to help lead the store team - coaching and supervising our
customer team members and deputising for the store manager, while also
delivering great customer service and performing a wide range of other tasks
around the store like re-stocking shelves and cleaning up spillages."

Apply and / or find more information here.
[https://stockport.nub.news/jobs/retail-consumer-products/customer-team-leader-2996391930]


GRADUATE TEACHING ASSISTANT - ASPIRE PEOPLE



[https://nub.news/api/image/686792/category.jpeg]
(Image - Unsplash)



Aspire People is looking for a graduate teaching assistant to work at secondary
schools in Stockport.

Short-term and long-term roles are available. The salary is £100 per day.

The job description reads: "Are you a recent graduate considering a career in
teaching? Looking to gain hands-on classroom experience before starting teacher
training? Aspire People are recruiting passionate and driven graduate teaching
assistants for exciting roles in secondary schools across Stockport, starting in
September.

"This is a fantastic opportunity to work in supportive school environments,
helping pupils thrive academically and personally.

"Whether you're looking for short-term supply work or a long-term placement, we
can match you with a role that suits your goals and availability."

Apply and / or find more information here.
[https://stockport.nub.news/jobs/education/graduate-teaching-assistant-stockport-2996484720]


PIZZA CHEF - PIZZA EXPRESS



[https://nub.news/api/image/686791/category.jpeg]
(Image - Nik Owens / Unsplash)



Pizza is looking for a pizza chef to work at their Redrock restaurant.

This is a permanent full-time role, with a salary between £12.21 to £14.08 per
hour.

According to the job description: "You will be creating the star of the show,
our pizza but your role will go beyond the kitchen – it’s all about enlivening
the experience for our customers and making every bite memorable. Just be
yourself, and we'll bring out the best in you."

Training will be provided.

Apply and / or find more information here.
[https://jobs.pizzaexpress.com/search/82041?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic]


E-STORE RETAILER - SUPERDRUG



[https://nub.news/api/image/686790/category.png]
(Image - Shamblen Studios / Unsplash)



Superdrug is looking for an E-Store retailer to work at their Merseyway store.

This is a part-time role, with 20 hours per week and a salary of £13.15 per
hour.

According to the job description: "We have adapted some of our stores to offer a
“pick from store” and “click and collect” services in key locations to support
the increased demand for online orders.

"This team leader role will play a vital part in this new way of working! If
you’re ready to roll up your sleeves and get stuck in, you’ll have a great time
at Superdrug working as a team leader.

"We’re a team that puts our customers and our teams at the heart of everything
we do."

Apply and / or find more information here.
[https://www.superdrug.jobs/job/75731775]


PASSENGER ASSISTANT (HOME TO SCHOOL TRANSPORT) - LYNX TAXIS

Lynx Taxis is seeking dedicated Passenger Assistants to join their expanding
Home to School Passenger Transport Team.

This is a part-time role, with a competitive hourly rate.

According to the job description: "We are looking for individuals residing
within the #cheshireeast
[https://x.com/hashtag/cheshireeast?src=hashtag_click] postcodes. Please only
apply if you live within these designated postcodes.

"We will help you get your Passenger assistant Cheshire East Council badge.

"This position requires availability for both morning (7:00 am onwards) and
afternoon (2:30 pm onwards) shifts, Monday to Friday."

For further info, please send your application to [email protected]
[/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#9deaf2eff6ddf1e4f3e5e9fce5f4eeb3fef2f0].


~

Free from clickbait, Stockport Nub News is a quality online newspaper for our
town.

To get our top stories in your inbox each week, subscribe to our free weekly
newsletter HERE [https://stockport.nub.news/newsletter-subscribe].

Please consider following Stockport Nub News on Facebook
[https://www.facebook.com/stockportnubnews] or X [https://twitter.com/SNubNews]

![Article Image](https://nub.news/api/image/686802/article.jpeg)

[Read the full article at Stockport Nub News](https://stockport.nub.news/news/local-news/sp8581-six-jobs-available-in-and-around-stockport-now-superdrug-pizza-express-the-works-and-more-270305)

---
