---
layout: post
author: archie
categories: news
image: https://nub.news/api/image/686385/article.jpeg
---
The A6 between Heaton Chapel and Stockport is set to receive £2.24 million in
upgrades.

Included in the upgrades are new toucan crossings, 20mph zones, as well as
better walking and cycling routes.

The plans were approved at Transport for Greater Manchester's (TfGM) Bee Network
Committee, and aim to make Heaton Chapel "safer and more connected".

This £2.24m is part of a wider £30m funding package for transport across Greater
Manchester.

Also included in this broader £30m funding boost are step-free upgrades for
railway stations - including Reddish North - plus improvements to around 220 bus
stops across the region, and real-time passenger information displays.



[https://nub.news/api/image/686378/category.jpeg]
The changes are designed to encourage more people to use public transport or
'active travel' such as cycling or walking (Image - Nub News)



A Bee Network spokesperson said the improvements are designed to improve the
public transport network and thereby support cleaner air and more active,
healthier lifestyles.

Chris Barnes, Network Director for Infrastructure at TfGM, said: "The Bee
Network is transforming how people get around Greater Manchester by providing
reliable, accessible, safe, affordable and sustainable travel options.

"Key to its continued success is our investment in transport infrastructure, and
these projects are the latest in a series of schemes that will play an important
role in improving journeys for people across Greater Manchester.

"We're really excited about all the improvements we are bringing forward,
including the changes we have got planned for bus stops, which will improve the
experience for passengers by giving them real-time information at their stop in
a similar way to London."


AND IT'S NOW EASIER TO PAY ON BEE NETWORK BUSES



[https://nub.news/api/image/686380/category.jpeg]
Paying on buses is now easier with the introduction of 'express payment' (Image
- TfGM)



And this month, the Bee Network also introduced 'Express Mode' for paying on its
buses.

This feature will allow Apple Pay users to tap in on buses and trams without
having to use Face ID or open their Apple Wallet each time they board.

Instead, customers can set up a 'default transit card' by opening the Apple
Wallet app, tapping the 'More' button, selecting 'Card Details' and choosing
'Express Travel Settings' before selecting the payment card they'd like to use
with Express Transit.

Manchester is the first place outside London to implement this new system.

Greater Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham said: "Not only does it make using our
buses and trams even easier and quicker than it is now, but it will also help us
to unlock even more ways for people to travel in the future using their iPhone
and Apple Watch."

~

Free from clickbait, Stockport Nub News is a quality online newspaper for our
town.

To get our top stories in your inbox each week, subscribe to our free weekly
newsletter HERE [https://stockport.nub.news/newsletter-subscribe].

Please consider following Stockport Nub News on Facebook
[https://www.facebook.com/stockportnubnews] or X [https://twitter.com/SNubNews]

![Article Image](https://nub.news/api/image/686385/article.jpeg)

[Read the full article at Stockport Nub News](https://stockport.nub.news/news/local-news/a6-to-get-ps224m-in-upgrades-between-stockport-and-heaton-chapel-270157)

---
