---
layout: post
author: archie
categories: news
image: https://nub.news/api/image/686695/article.jpeg
---
A woman in Stockport says she can't enjoy a communal garden outside her home
because it's infested with fleas – and claimed the problem has not been fixed
despite reporting it to the council.

Emma Laycock, 34, lives in a flat on Betley Road in Reddish with her
eight-year-old dog Buster.

The flat and garden are managed by Stockport Homes – a social housing provider
owned by Stockport council – but Emma said every time Buster goes out in the
garden he ends up full of fleas.

She also said she's been bitten herself from the tiny insects.

The garden is shared with other houses on the road, and Emma says other
residents with pets are also suffering from the problem.

"When Buster goes out he'll be covered in fleas. I have reported it to the
council and they're saying it's too big a space [to do anything], but as a
resident that's not my issue, they need to do the right thing by people who are
living here.

"I'm so sick of this, four or five times a day I have to get his fleas out.
There are other animals who are having skin issues on the back of this. We feel
completely let down.

"I can't even go in my own garden, I've been bitten like you would not believe,
so I'm stuck in a one-bed flat all day. I've not spent a minute out here in all
the nice weather we had."



[https://nub.news/api/image/686694/category.jpeg]
Emma is also having to spend £26 per month on flea treatments for her dog buster
(Image via LDRS)



Emma said she moved to the property five years ago and in that time she's not
not had a visit from her housing officer once.

It's also hitting her in the pocket, having to fork out £26 a month on flea
treatments, but she says that this is her duty of care as a pet owner.

Pictures reveal the scale of the problem Emma is facing, showing dozens of fleas
removed from Buster when he goes into the garden.

She added: "Buster is my support animal, he goes everywhere with me. I feel bad
that we have to do this to him all the time. It decreases his quality of life
and mine."

In response, Stockport Homes said: "We completely understand how upsetting this
has been for Emma. Whenever issues like this are raised, we act straight away –
consulting pest control experts, arranging treatments where needed, and ensuring
our maintenance teams stay on top of the area.

"In this case, we've also covered the cost of treatment inside both Emma's home
and her neighbour's, and our team is scheduled to return to monitor if fleas are
still present.

"Tackling fleas in outdoor spaces can unfortunately be an ongoing challenge, but
we'll continue to monitor and support any residents who may be affected."

Stockport Homes said it has been in regular contact with Ms Laycock about the
issue, and will continue to work closely with her, including arranging a tenancy
visit to address any other concerns and provide additional support.

~

Free from clickbait, Stockport Nub News is a quality online newspaper for our
town.

To get our top stories in your inbox each week, subscribe to our free weekly
newsletter HERE [https://stockport.nub.news/newsletter-subscribe].

Please consider following Stockport Nub News on Facebook
[https://www.facebook.com/stockportnubnews] or X [https://twitter.com/SNubNews]

![Article Image](https://nub.news/api/image/686695/article.jpeg)

[Read the full article at Stockport Nub News](https://stockport.nub.news/news/local-news/reddish-womans-garden-infested-with-fleas-270269)

---
