---
layout: post
author: archie
categories: news
image: https://nub.news/api/image/686763/article.jpeg
---
Imagine having £50,000 to spend this September...

Luckily, thanks to local competitions company High Peak Comps
[https://highpeakcomps.co.uk/], it could become a reality.

They host regular prize draws for cash, cars, gadgets, holidays, and much more -
and this month, they've got some amazing cash giveaways.

One is a prize draw for £50,000 at just 49p per ticket
[https://highpeakcomps.co.uk/competition/50-000-winner-takes-all].
[https://highpeakcomps.co.uk/competition/20-000-for-20p]

And another features almost 1,000 chances to win a helping of a massive £100,000
prize pot.
[https://highpeakcomps.co.uk/competition/lucky-leprechaun-100-000-prize-pot]


£50,000 FOR 49P



[https://nub.news/api/image/686755/category.png]
The winner of this High Peak Comps draw will take home a whopping £50,000 (Image
- High Peak Comps)



This competition offers participants the chance to win £50,000, tax-free, for
just 49p per ticket.
[https://highpeakcomps.co.uk/competition/50-000-winner-takes-all]

And if you fancy upping your chances, you can buy up to 2,000 tickets.

The competition runs until Sunday 28 September - the winner will be announced in
a live prize draw at 8pm that day on the High Peak Comps Facebook page
[https://www.facebook.com/p/High-Peak-Comps-61568158914298/].

This draw will never be extended past the deadline - full prizes will be given
to the winner, regardless of ticket sales.

Enter the £50,000 for 49p competition here.
[https://highpeakcomps.co.uk/competition/50-000-winner-takes-all]


LEPRECHAUN £100,000 PRIZE POT (INSTANT WIN)



[https://nub.news/api/image/682294/category.png]
This competition features different values of Leprechaun to be found, plus
hundreds of other cash prizes (Image - High Peak Comps)



High Peak Comps [https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61568158914298] is also
offering the chance to win £1,000s of pounds in a new Leprechaun instant win
contest.
[https://highpeakcomps.co.uk/competition/lucky-leprechaun-100-000-prize-pot]

This competition features a £100,000 prize pot, which itself is split into
thousands of smaller cash prizes.

Enter the competition and try and find a Leprechaun - if you do, you'll have won
a cash prize!

There are also 200 lots of £100 and 350 lots of £50.

And, further still, even if you don't win, you'll be automatically entered into
a grand £10,000 draw which takes place on Sunday 31 August at 8pm.

The maximum tickets is 2,500 per person.

Enter the instant win Leprechaun competition here.
[https://highpeakcomps.co.uk/competition/lucky-leprechaun-100-000-prize-pot]

~

You could be one of the countless daily winners with High Peak Comps - browse
the contests and get your ticket now!
[https://highpeakcomps.co.uk/competition/2-000-every-single-month-of-2025]

Take Claire - this week, she won £800 in one of High Peak Comps
[https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61568158914298]' daily draws.



[https://nub.news/api/image/686757/category.png]
Claire Wood recently picked up £800 in a High Peak Comps draw (Image - High Peak
Comps)




BROWSE SOME OF THE OTHER HIGH PEAK COMPS CONTESTS HERE.
[https://highpeakcomps.co.uk/]

~

And High Peak Comps [https://www.facebook.com/p/High-Peak-Comps-61568158914298/]
also does great work for good local causes.

They recently donated a total of £200 in cat food to Stopford Cat Rescue
[https://stopfordcats.org.uk/] over in Bramhall, and to Stockport RSPCA.



[https://nub.news/api/image/684825/category.png]
High Peak Comps donated two lots of cat food - each worth £100 - to Stopford Cat
Rescue and to Stockport's RSPCA adoption centre (Images - High Peak Comps)



They also donated £100 in food to The Storehouse
[https://nlchurch.org.uk/storehouse] in Congleton - it's a free foodbank
operated by New Life Church.

And that's not all - they also donated a Ninja Air Fryer to Just Drop In
[https://www.justdropin.co.uk/] as a prize for their fundraising raffle.



[https://nub.news/api/image/684991/category.png]
High Peak Comps has also donated £100 in food to The Storehouse in Congleton
(Image - High Peak Comps)



This charity supports children and young people who are finding life hard.

Further still, they also bought 28 coffees for the Hazel Grove Brass Band ahead
of their performance in Buxton next week.



[https://nub.news/api/image/684826/category.png]
High Peak Comps donated a raffle prize to Just Drop In, and got 28 coffees for
the Hazel Grove Brass Band (Images - High Peak Comps)



And if you run your own local community project and would like some support, get
in touch on email with High Peak Comps
[https://www.facebook.com/p/High-Peak-Comps-61568158914298/] at
[email protected] [/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection].

High Peak Comps [https://highpeakcomps.co.uk/] was established in March 2020.
Their mission is "to give people realistic, transparent and fair chances to win
life-changing prices".

They also recently celebrated an impressive milestone, having given away a total
of £10m in prizes.



[https://nub.news/api/image/674555/category.png]
High Peak Comps recently celebrated a massive milestone - they've given away
£10m in prizes since they were founded (Image - High Peak Comps)




FOLLOW HIGH PEAK COMPS ON FACEBOOK HERE.
[https://www.facebook.com/p/High-Peak-Comps-61568158914298/]

~

High Peak Comps [https://highpeakcomps.co.uk/] is a sponsor of Nub News. Support
from local businesses such as them helps us keep our local news free and
easy-to-read. If you own a local business and would like to sponsor us, get in
touch at [email protected] [/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection].

![Article Image](https://nub.news/api/image/686763/article.jpeg)

[Read the full article at Stockport Nub News](https://stockport.nub.news/news/advertisement-features/sp8536-you-could-win-ps50000-for-just-49p-thanks-to-local-competitions-company-270295)

---
